fix(docs): Correct broken links to Red Hat documentation (#452)
openshift/sandboxed-containers-operator: README.md

### Getting Started

> Please refer to the OpenShift release specific documentation for getting started with sandboxed containers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [OpenShift sandboxed containers documentation](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_sandboxed_containers/) to get started with sandboxed containers. 
```

> - For OpenShift latest documentation please follow this [doc](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_sandboxed_containers/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
